THONY: Previously
on "The Cleaning Lady"...
You've been there a year now
since that donor backed out.
We're on
a donor registry. Marco.
We just have to be patient.
He sent me your visa.
It's expired.
I'm afraid we can't help you.
Check it out.
Your daughter's
gonna love it. Theo.
I'm just a cleaning lady.
I can help you
make this disappear.
Police have ID'd Theo's body.
I-I still have a cleaner inside.
The cleaner
who should already be dead?
- Do you trust me?
- Yeah.
(screams)
Where'd you learn
how to do that?
What are you... some kind
of doctor or something?
You want me to work
for you. protect me.
- I give you my word.
- PERSON: That's her.
PERSON 2: I'm calling
to schedule an appointment
for Luca.
Thank you for calling
the clinic for my son.
I want you on call.
This is your pay
for the other night
and a burner phone.
Why do you want me
to work for you?
'Cause I don't want to
have to kill you.
(indistinct chatter)
LUCA:
It's supposed to make noise.
(imitates rocket whooshing)
Incoming.
Your dinosaur has no chance now.
(imitates rocket whooshing)
(imitates gun firing)
- Got ya!
- (laughter)
Okay. you drink it now.
We got to go. Thony.
Yeah.
All right. peanut.
time for me to go to work
and you take a nap.
I don't want to take a nap.
But astronauts need their sleep
to become big and strong.
- Okay. Mommy.
- All right.
MAN ON RADIO:
Good morning. Vegas.
Here's a little something
to start your day.
W-where are my keys?
I-I know I put them here.
- Chris has them.
- What? Why?
He's just going around the block
He's not old enough to drive.
Actually. he is.
THONY:
I'm out of Luca's medicine.
The guy I buy from
hasn't called me back.
Can we swing
by his place after work?
Well. we can't even get to work
because Chris is driving my van
around Vegas without a license.
JAZ:
You don't have one either. Mom.
- Stay calm.
- (mutters softly)
- (keys jingling)
- Oh. you...
What the hell
are you thinking. huh?
You can't drive without me.
You won't even sign
my driver's ed form.
(music playing indistinctly
on radio)
Mom. I said sign it.
not use it as a coaster.
Well. I can't now because
we're going to be late.
thanks to you.
- Bye.
- JAZ: Have fun at work.
(thankyouverymuch's
"Good Vibes")
(bowling pins clatter)
(cheers and laughter)
♪ ♪
Hi. Ronnie. This is Thony again.
Um. I'm of the antivirals
for my son.
His immune system is too weak.
He won't make it without it.
Can you call me back. please?
- Thank you.
- That guy still ghosting you?
Yeah. It's getting harder
and harder
to get all of the different
medicines he needs.
Yeah. but the stem cell
trial starts soon. right?
Not for another week.
♪ ♪
FIONA: Yet some kids
get all the luck.
Can you believe all those gifts
are just for one little brat?
Oi. think they're gonna
leave that cake?
I think you've got
a pretty good shot.
Mm-hmm. (laughs)
PERSON OVER PA:
Hey. boys and girls.
it's time for Timmy's birthday.
(stammering. clicks tongue)
- Please join us in lane 8.
- FIONA: Score!
There's a blocked toilet
in the women's bathroom.
♪ ♪
- Ah! Wish me luck.
- FIONA: Good luck.
(giggling)
♪ ♪
(grunts)
Hello? Hello?
- Hello?
- Hi.
Uh. sorry. is it okay
if I change my baby in here?
There's no changing tables
in the men's bathroom.
Yeah. it's over there.
But watch your step.
The floor is wet.
-Okay. thank you -Mm-hmm.
(grunts)
I mean. what do they think us
woke dads are gonna do. huh?
Change our babies
on the slot machines?
(chuckles) Can you imagine the
germs on those things?
Yikes!
You got kids?
Yeah. a boy.
He's five years old.
Oh. me too. He's. uh...
He's just... he's bowling.
Uh. where are you from?
I-I. uh. can't quite place
the accent.
Wait. Hold on. hold on.
Don't tell me. Let me guess.
- New Jersey?
- (chuckles)
Close. Cambodia.
- PERSON: Oh. so close.
- (chuckles)
- (baby cooing)
- Oh. I know.
I know. You're all better.
Sorry. I have to...
I have to wash my hands.
- Do you mind?
- Oh. it's okay.
All right. There you go.
(baby fusses)
THONY: Hello. What's your name?
- Sarah.
- Hello. Sarah.
And I'm Garrett. Garrett Miller.
Thony.
De La Rosa.
(tense music)
I wanted to approach you
in a safe place.
Uh. I'm an FBI Special Agent.
I just have
a few questions for you.
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
So Alonzo...
your supervisor. said
you worked at the warehouse
the night
that Theo went missing.
- Did you know him well?
- No.
Uh. I only worked
for him three weeks.
Okay. but you were close enough
to go to his funeral.
and then you gave
his daughter a gift?
Yeah. Theo was a single dad.
And he didn't know what to get
for a 16-year-old girl.
so he asked for my help.
I wanted to make sure
she got it.
♪ ♪
This way. gentlemen.
All right. here's the hardware
we've been talking about.
all right?
AKs. AR-15s. RPGs.
and. uh. three dozen Barretts.
♪ ♪
(speaking Armenian)
(speaking in Armenian)
You know. more snipers
and assassins come from Armenia
than anywhere else in the world.
Roman is our very best.
Then he should have the best.
- How does it feel. Roman?
- Good.
(softly speaking Armenian)
You gentlemen take your time.
(both speaking Spanish)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
We have a thief.
Do we have a problem. Arman?
No. No. let's head up
to the office.
We'll discuss some numbers.
(people arguing in Armenian)
(both speaking Spanish)
You think you can
short me my guns?
Hayak gave me his word.
Viktor. all we need is a couple
days to complete the shipment.
We're fighting a war
for our homeland!
Armenia doesn't have days!
Every second counts!
(shouting in Armenian)
(both speaking Spanish)
Viktor. hey. hey. Calm down.
Don't tell me to calm down!
- Don't tell me!
- Hey.
No. no. no. no.
(speaking in Spanish)
(overlapping shouting)
Hey. Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Hey. hey.
We're gonna work this out.
Nobody's trying
to cheat you here.
This is not a problem. Viktor.
We can get your guns. all right?
- (speaking Spanish)
- (people shouting in Armenian)
Let's talk about this.
Come on. Viktor. let's...
Hey!
Enough!
This ends now.
♪ ♪
I said we're gonna
get you the guns.
and we're gonna do that!
All we need is a couple of days.
♪ ♪
You have 24 hours...
or there will be more bloodshed.
♪ ♪
You ever see any of these guys
at the warehouse?
♪ ♪
Just say when.
Hmm?
- No.
- No? You sure?
Take your time.
- FIONA: Thony?
- Yeah.
Oh.
Hey. thank you. uh.
for letting
me change her diaper.
- I appreciate it.
- You're welcome
Okay.
FIONA: Hi.
He's hot. (giggles)
Another party just cleared out.
Let's go.
- Okay. I'm almost done here.
- Okay.
(cell phone ringing)
Yeah?
I'm sending a driver
to pick you up.
- THONY: I am at work.
- Text me the address.
♪ ♪
All right. wait. wait.
(speaking in Spanish)
♪ ♪
All right. Go on..
I want him buried at Greenwood.
And. Carlos. when you find out
who's been stealing
our merchandise.
I want you to bring him to me.
All right. I don't want him to
know Mateo's death is on him.
- You got it. boss.
- All right.
Clean this up
as soon as possible.
I let the warehouse staff
go for the rest of the day.
Told them there was a gas leak
so they won't bother you.
Wait.
After I finish here today.
I want out of. um.
our arrangement.
You want to call the shots now?
I came to this country
to save my son.
I can't be involved
in any of this.
You have to let me go.
Sure. Yeah. go.
You can go.
But the second
you're out on your own.
I can no longer protect you.
You couldn't even protect Mateo.
How do you expect to protect me?
♪ ♪
Just do your job...
so I can justify
keeping you alive.
♪ ♪
(hip-hop music)
RAPPER: ♪ Let all the fears
just wash away ♪
♪ Time to wipe the tears ♪
♪ Stronger version
of me here today ♪
♪ I got to clean up
all the mess I made ♪
♪ Plus. I told myself
that there'll be better days ♪
♪ Than yesterday ♪
♪ I live today
like it's the final day ♪
♪ Got to make a way ♪
♪ And from the wave.
I never float away ♪
♪ I'll never fade
or wipe the pain away ♪
♪ Look me in my eyes ♪
♪ And you'll see bravery
from miles away ♪
♪ I feel it in my bloodstream ♪
♪ I keep swimming upstream ♪
♪ I'm running
on a balance beam ♪
♪ But everything around me
isn't what they seem ♪
♪ I feel it in my bloodstream ♪
SINGERS:
♪ Feel it in my bloodstream ♪
♪ And I'm about
to lose myself tonight ♪
♪ Always on the upstream ♪
♪ ♪
What are you doing here?
I thought they sent everybody
home 'cause of the gas leak.
I'm... I'm just here to clean.
They asked me to come back.
Oh.
Okay.
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
(Dean Martin's "Ain't
That a Kick in the Head")
♪ ♪
DEAN MARTIN:
♪ How lucky can one guy be? ♪
♪ I kissed her.
and she kissed me ♪
♪ Like the fella once said ♪
♪ "Ain't that a kick
in the head?" ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Her room
was completely black ♪
♪ I hugged her.
and she hugged back ♪
♪ Like the sailor said. quote ♪
♪ "Ain't that a hole
in the boat?" ♪
♪ My head keeps spinning ♪
♪ I go to sleep
and keep grinning ♪
- Good afternoon. Mr. Morales.
- ARMAN: How you doing?
DEAN MARTIN:
♪ Just the beginning ♪
♪ My life is gonna be... ♪
Good afternoon.
- Good to see you.
- Hey.
- How you doing?
- Enjoy your lunch.
Cheers. Enjoy.
- Gracias.
- De nada.
Hola. guapo.
All set for Councilman Knight?
- You mean Mr. Moocher?
- (sighs) Don't call him that.
He's over there. enjoying
the beluga caviar he demanded
while waiting for you... moocher.
♪ ♪
Babe. what's wrong?
Mateo's dead.
¿Qué?
Took a bullet for me.
Ay. Dios mío. What happened?
We were missing some guns.
The buyer thought we were
trying to cheat him.
He... he just lost it.
So now I need this guy's help.
(scoffs) Haven't we put enough
in pockets already?
You know how it is. babe.
It's Vegas politics.
He's the man with the contacts.
Yeah. I know.
(upbeat electronic music)
♪ ♪
Get him some more caviar.
would you?
♪ ♪
- Eric.
- Oh. hey!
- How you doing?
- Arman. my man!
(grunts)
Hey. you can take me
You think you can set me up
with that hot little
piece of ass?
Her name's Lexi.
I can make an introduction.
but no promises.
Have a seat.
So. Eric. we're gonna need
a little more time
to get our funds together
to purchase this hotel.
- How much more time you need?
- A week.
I'll see what I can do.
Let me ask you a question.
Why is Hayak so hot
to buy this hotel anyhow?
- The club's here.
- (laughs)
Yeah? That's good.
What do you guys do. really?
Just...
'Cause I think...
you want to launder money
through the casino.
(dramatic music)
Details you
shouldn't know. Eric.
Enjoy your lunch.
We'll talk more
when Hayak gets back.
Oh. I will.
Mmm.
Hmm. Mmm.
Fi. it's a raid! Run! Run!
What?
(indistinct shouting)
♪ ♪
- PERSON: Okay.
- (person 2 whistles)
Everybody. hold on. calm down.
- This is not a raid. all right?
- Whoa. slow down.
As I said. this is not a raid.
We are not ICE.
We are the FBI.
We just have
a few questions for you.
♪ ♪
(cell phone chimes)
Alonzo told us
you're Thony's sister-in-law.
Uh. yes.
Um. she's... she's
married to my brother.
Wait. weren't you with Thony
in... in the bathroom earlier?
Did Thony...
Did Thony ever say anything
about the night
she worked at the warehouse?
No. I-I mean. I-I knew
she was working there. but...
- What time did Thony come home?
- Late.
But fight nights
always run late. so...
Hmm.
You ever seen any of the men
in these photos?
- ALONZO: You can't go...
- THONY: Fi.
ALONZO: Stop. Thony.
Sorry.
I told her not to come in.
- (cell phone rings)
- Oh. she's fine.
Thanks. Alonzo.
What are you doing back here?
Oh. just getting to know
some of your coworkers.
No. You're using scare tactics
on vulnerable people.
making everyone think
they're getting deported.
Hmm. is that what you two
are worried about?
'Cause I see here that you are...
Oh. you are both undocumented.
In fact. Fiona has been
in this country illegally
for. what. 15 years?
Look. I already told Fiona this.
We just want information
about the night
that you were
at the warehouse. okay?
So. if you're ready to open up.
then we won't have to question
your sister-in-law anymore.
Now. she said you got home
pretty late that night.
No. no. tha... that's not
what I said.
(sighs)
We've told you what we know.
(cell phone ringing)
You need to get that?
I'll call back when we're done.
which is now.
(Garrett chuckles)
She's a little spitfire. huh?
You were in the bathroom
with her?
I mean. I-I was just making
first contact.
- It was harmless.
- Listen. Garrett.
Unless you want to go back
on the bench
for another indiscretion.
someone goes with you when
you question a female witness.
- Period.
- Mm-hmm. I was with someone.
- My kids.
- Oh.
With my hands tied
behind my back.
so just cut me some slack.
Losing Theo as a CI
puts us back to square one.
I know. But if Russo finds out
about your little stunt.
she'll kick you off this case.
I guess she doesn't have
to find out. now. does she?
- (gasps)
- Hmm?
Without an informant.
this case is already dead.
♪ ♪
Fi. Fi. Fi. it's okay.
I'll drive.
(crying. sniffles)
I thought that was it. Thony.
I thought it was over.
I know.
Come here.
It's okay.
You're not getting
deported. okay?
No. you don't know that.
You don't know that.
I'm not just worried about me.
It... it's Chris. too.
What do you mean Chris?
I thought he was born here.
No. I-I-I didn't make it here
on time.
But I never told anyone.
I mean. not even Chris.
He thinks he's American.
but... but he's not.
We're gonna
figure this out. okay?
But you have to tell Chris.
He can't find out any other way.
I know. I know.
(cell phone ringing)
(zipper opens)
(ringing continues)
- Jaz. what's up?
- I've been trying to call you.
- I think Luca's sick.
- I'll be right back.
Luca's sick. We got to go.
(zipper closes)
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
When did you start
coughing. baby?
This morning.
I forgot to tell someone.
That's okay. We're here now.
I want to talk to Daddy.
Yeah. we're gonna call him.
Open wide.
That's a good boy.
Tita Fi's gonna call Daddy now.
Okay.
I'm gonna call that guy and see
if I can get this medicine.
Okay. All right.
Let's call Daddy. huh?
♪ ♪
(line trilling)
(line beeping)
PERSON: We're sorry.
You have reached a number
that is no longer in service.
(Marco singing indistinctly
on tablet)
(line trilling)
(continues singing indistinctly)
PERSON: Institute
of Stem Cell Medicine.
Hello. is this Helen?
HELEN: Yes. it is.
How may I help you?
THONY: Oh. this is
Dr. Thony De La Rosa.
I have an appointment for
my son coming up soon. Luca.
He has
an immunodeficiency disorder.
I remember.
Dr. Saroyan referred you.
Yes. that's right.
Um. Luca got an infection. and.
uh. we are out of antivirals.
I was wondering if Dr. Christian
could... could write
a prescription today.
HELEN: I'm sorry. She can't
prescribe any medication
without first seeing a patient.
You should really go to the E.R.
Yes. thank you.
(Marco continues singing
indistinctly)
(cell phone beeping)
(line trilling)
ERIC: It's mind-numbing.
really. these city meetings.
You have no idea.
If I have to sit
through another traffic light
committee. I might kill myself.
(continues singing indistinctly)
(suspenseful music)
♪ ♪
(thermometer beeping)
Okay. his temperature's rising.
Marco. I'm gonna have
to take him to the E.R.
I'll call you from the hospital.
Be strong. Luca.
(speaks Tagalog)
The E.R.?
Hey. you know you could
get deported. okay?
It happened
to Samantha's cousin.
She went to the E.R.
for a burst appendix.
and then he woke up in Haiti.
It happens.
- Fi. I have no choice.
- No. no. no.
Okay. I'm... I'm going
with you. then.
No. no. no. There's no point in
both of us risking deportation.
You have to stay here
for your kids.
I know you're here. always.
no matter what happens.
I'll get the kids
to say goodbye.
You okay?
(indistinct chatter)
♪ ♪
- Children's Hospital.
- DRIVER: Sure.
I'll call you. Fi.
GPS NAVIGATION:
In 30 feet. turn right.
(turn signal clicking)
Wait.
Make a left.
(hip-hop music)
May I present...
the Cohiba Behike 52.
Castro's favorite cigar.
They're handmade.
Rolled between a woman's thighs
until the tobacco leaves
are as soft as her skin.
♪ ♪
Who could resist that?
(elevator bell dings)
(indistinct chatter)
Ma'am? Excuse me. Ma'am?
(indistinct chatter. laughter)
(dramatic music)
¿Qué es esto?
Cover for me.
♪ ♪
Ma'am. Ma'am.
This is a private club.
I cannot allow you to go in.
- Mr. Morales...
- It's all right.
It's okay. Come on. come on.
(door closes)
What the hell
are you doing here?
He's dying.
(dramatic music)
♪ ♪
(camera shutter clicking)
(engine turning over)
♪ ♪
- I need to go with him.
- Don't worry.
- Your son's in good hands.
- Thank you. Dr. Saroyan.
Yeah. yeah.
(door opens)
(monitor beeping)
(door closes)
(ventilator whirring)
Thank you.
You don't have to stay.
It might be a while.
I have been where you are...
With my father.
(sighs) He used to work
for Hayak as his gardener
until he collapsed on his lawn.
It was his heart.
He would have died
if Hayak wouldn't have paid
for that surgery.
That's why you started
working for him?
Because you owed him?
No. I was only 15 at the time.
My parents made it really clear
that I wasn't to work for Hayak.
They brought us to this country
to get us away from
the gang violence in Mexico.
But you worked for him anyway.
I didn't want to have
to depend on anybody
to protect my family.
I swore I'd never be
in that position ever again.
How's your father now?
Ah. he hasn't spoken
to me in years.
(cell phone vibrating)
Yeah?
PERSON: Hey. boss.
We need you at the truck depot.
I'll be right there.
Hey. You all right. Mom?
I. um... (scoffs)
I forgot to pack Thony's Buddha.
(chuckles) Mom. they'll be back.
The doctor's not gonna
turn them in. right?
'Cause when it comes
to stuff like this.
sometimes you can be
a little dramatic.
No. No. Chris. I'm not.
It's called
medical repatriation.
- It's a thing. Google it.
- All right.
No! No!
We can never let our guard down.
All right. I get it. okay?
No. I don't...
I don't think you do.
Look. Mom. aren't we just
worried about Luca right now?
No. no. Chris. I'm...
I'm... I'm worried
about you. okay?
The reason why I can't sign
your... your driver's permit
is because I-I don't have
your birth certificate.
- You lost it?
- No.
Um...
you never had one.
I lied. You were born in Manila.
- I'm sorry.
- (scoffs)
I'll make this right somehow.
How could you not know
how screwed up that is?
So what? N-now I have to live
a life like you?
I'll make this right.
- How?
- Somehow.
How the hell
can you make this right?
I'll... I'll find a lawyer
or something.
Right. right.
Working as a cleaning lady?
Why don't you just stick
to messing up your own life?
- Leave me the hell alone.
- Chris. Chris.
I hate you!
Chris.
(somber music)
(door slams)
(monitor beeping. door opens.
indistinct chatter)
- Can I go in now?
- It's still touch and go.
We've tried
a number of antibiotics
and antiviral serums.
but they're not taking.
What else can we do?
We're still waiting on cultures
to determine what he has.
but his liver's now taken a hit.
And if that fails.
I'm... I'm afraid we have to
prepare for the worst.
♪ ♪
(singing in Tagalog)
(sobs softly)
Sing again.
Do your eyes hurt?
Is that bad?
No.
It means your body's
talking to Mommy.
(intercom buzzes)
He's got conjunctivitis. fever.
pneumonia. and now pink eye.
It has to be adenovirus.
We have to treat him now.
Treating adenovirus without
conformation is too risky.
It could be toxic
to his liver. kidneys.
Cidofovir has proven success
in immunocompromised children.
But if we're wrong. he could
end up with organ failure.
And if we wait.
he might not make it at all.
♪ ♪
(dramatic music)
(indistinct shouting)
HAYAK: And how many times
have I told you that?
ARMAN: Hayak. come on.
You went back
to Theo's warehouse
after I told you not to.
Then I find out from Dr. Saroyan
that you took her to his clinic.
He's our doctor
to take care of our family.
Her son was dying. Hayak.
I had to do something...
This is about my son!
You do what I tell you!
She didn't see anything
at the warehouse.
You're gonna have to
trust me on this. Hayak.
Look. she's not gonna
be any trouble.
If I have to take care of her.
I'll do it myself.
That is my call. Not yours.
You have a soft spot
for this woman.
I'll take care of it.
I didn't do...
I didn't say anything.
I swear. I just
cleaned up after.
But I-I did see
something here today.
♪ ♪
A man was loading boxes
on one of your trucks.
He looked nervous
like he was doing something
he should not be doing.
What did he look like?
He had a-a round face
with a beard.
red shirt. not very tall.
It could be Jimmy.
He was just in the loading bay
as we drove up.
♪ ♪
(growls softly)
(door opens)
- ARMAN: Jimmy.
- (door closes)
Jimmy.
Were you heading out?
Arman. hey.
Yeah. heading to Reno
with this load. then back home.
Hey. Jimmy. why don't you
give it to me straight?
What is it? What?
Are we not paying you enough.
or we're not treating you right?
Arman. no.
Then how is it we're missing
some merchandise. Jimmy?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Half a truckload of AKs
and AR-15s.
You made a big mistake. Jimmy.
Arman. please.
I never took nothing
from you before.
And. what. you're going
to shoot me now?
That's what you want to do?
You want to shoot me?
Come on. shoot.
No one steals from us. Jimmy.
You understand me?
Nobody steals from us!
(blows landing)
(gunshots)
♪ ♪
She was right.
Jimmy had our guns.
Now we can close
this deal with Viktor
and move on to the hotel offer.
I told you we could trust her.
Thank you for your loyalty.
I hope your son recovers soon.
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter. door opens)
(door closes)
Renée. Renée. Hey. Wait up.
Wait up. Check this out.
What's this?
GARRETT: Boom.
RENEE: Is that Arman Morales?
With Thony and her kid.
They look pretty cozy.
don't they?
- They really do.
- Mm-hmm.
You think
they're sleeping together?
Well. whatever it is.
she lied to us.
which means
she's protecting him.
Okay. Then explain
that grin on your face.
I mean. after losing Theo.
I thought we'd have zero chance
of getting anyone else inside.
But Thony. she's already in.
That's if you can turn her.
Piece of cake.
And not break
every rule doing it.
(groans) Oh. God.
I can't wait to hear how she's
gonna explain this away. huh?
Ooh. Neither can I.
(dramatic music)
(door opens)
Well. you were right.
It was adenovirus.
He's stabilizing now.
I can't say he's out
of the woods just yet.
But I feel he's past
the worst of it.
Thank you. Dr. Saroyan.
You're the one
who saved his life. Doctor.
♪ ♪
(door opens. closes)
(sighs)
How... how much longer are they
going to keep him there?
THONY:
Just until the symptoms clear
and he can breathe better.
But... but... but
he's gonna be okay. right?
He almost didn't make it. Fi.
But he did. Thony.
And you... you made sure of that.
It's not fair for him
to live like this.
He's been through so much.
FIONA:
W-we'll make it through this.
We always do. right?
♪ ♪
Thanks. Fi. I love you. Bye.
- ARMAN: You all right?
- (Thony sniffles)
What I said got that man killed.
No. it's not on you.
He stole from us.
He wasn't gonna
get away with that.
And what matters is you
proved yourself to Hayak.
You're gonna be all right.
And so will your son.
THONY: Luca!
(tapping on glass)
(scoffs)
(uplifting music)
But you need to know...
Once you're in. you're in.
That's the way Hayak sees it.
You understand?
♪ ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org